they told me the fun key s was the
world's smallest foldable handheld
console but I mean my wife says that my
hands are perfectly normal size I mean
it doesn't seem that small to me you
guys oh my goodness this thing is so
cute the idea here is on the surface
very simple it's to have a PlayStation 1
capable emulation machine that is so
small that you could conceivably carry
it around on your keychain but
everything about the execution is
absolutely incredible this thing is
fully open source everything Hardware
software you can literally download
design files and make your own fun KS if
you really wanted to and it runs a
distribution of Linux that is optimized
for emulation and gaming to the point
where they claim that you can freeze the
state of whatever it is you're doing if
you're in the middle of a game open it
up and pick up exactly where you left
off in about 5 seconds it's so cute I
want to play games okay okay I I'll look
at what's in the box first it's
available in a bunch of different colors
obviously we went with atomic purple
because everyone knows that's the best
color and included in the Box you
get yeah yeah micro USB cable yeah it's
USB micro instead of USBC which is a bit
of a downer but I also get it they
needed to make this thing as small as
freaking humanly possible and you get a
variety of different colors of d-pad and
buttons I love it cute little user
manual in the shape of the fun key it
shows you how to turn it on turn it off
and shows you how to use the function
button so you can change the aspect
ratio you can change the zoom you can
adjust the volume and brightness and you
can take a screenshot with function plus
the shoulder buttons I can't believe
that they squeezed shoulder buttons onto
this you can bring up system stats
transferring files is as simple as
dragging and dropping them there's a
Micro SD slot inside which supports
cards up to 128 gigs and it comes
pre-loaded with some royaltyfree games
but I mean look at this thing obviously
if you were to copy paste some ROMs or
isos over there it would uh it would
know what to do with them speaking of
copying things over we found the
instructions not the most intuitive but
system upgrades are also performed by
dragging and dropping a file right right
I won't play games yet right right we
got to look at the io okay so on the
back you can clearly see the 410
milliamp battery so at 3.7 volts what is
that in wat hours I don't know I don't
feel like doing the math the point is
it's a really small battery and people
are claiming anywhere from 2 to 3 hours
of battery life out of this thing it can
be disassembled using two Phillips head
screws revealing the arm cortex A7
processor at 1.2 GHz 64 megab of ddr2 o
memory and an incredible 10 mm mono
speaker but don't take my word for it I
will be opening it up courtesy of that's
right my friends finally the LTT
Precision screwdriver that's right this
video is brought to you by Creator
Warehouse I've got talking points and
everything how professional we're
launching the ultimate Precision
multi-bit screwdriver it's built with an
anodized aluminum handle with diamond
etched nerling making it an absolute
Delight to hold in the hand it's got a
strong neodymium magnet at the tip that
keeps your bits in place and holds on to
your screws once you remove them oh yeah
look at that holding my screw look at me
in my bad self speaking of bits it's got
internal storage for up to three bits
the end cap is interchangeable that's
right my friends concave flat and convex
tips and embedded within the cap is a
hybrid ceramic ball bearing for the
smoothest turning experience not to
mention that it's a heck of a fidget toy
you might have noticed that the shaft on
them is a little bit longer so you can
get into deeper devices a bit more
easily than some other Precision drivers
sign up at the link in the video
description and you can be one of the
first to get your hands on one of these
we weren't going for the highest
performance here I'm actually kind of
impressed that this thing runs PS1 games
do I get to game now yes sir okay
finally
okay not the world's most impressive
speaker I got to say I'm pretty
impressed with the display though what
is this an inch 1.54 in but it's IPS
look at that viewing angle you guys
that's not bad you know what let's open
up with Game Boy Color now apparently
cover art does not populate on its own
that's one current drawback of fun Kos
but you can add it so these are these
appear to be home brew games let's see
how good they are
not the world's most amazing speaker I
have a witch hat oh pew pew a pew pew PE
pew pew pew oh cool like Ste OS they've
built in an overlay that can be accessed
from within any game or application so
getting back to the main menu is as
simple as activating the overlay and
boom look at that oh we got The Lion
King nice now there's been some
complaints about the aspect ratio of the
screen in the community because it's
this is one to one right almost no
screen is one by one and so if you're
playing something like Game Boy Advance
games you're going to end up with black
bars on what is already an extremely
small screen but you know what I say I
say get out your reading glasses scaled
is what I would want I've got really
small black bars to match the original
aspect ratio of the game yeah I noticed
that there's a little bit of moare uh on
the screen that is not visible in person
it looks pristine oh no no
no okay it's noticeably harder to play
on this than it would be on something
bigger you know I don't know if it's
input leg so much as it's just the
travel of the buttons being noticeable
on such a small thing you know not going
to lie it's um not that easy to see what
I'm doing am I just getting old I'm
having a bit of trouble holding down the
Y and also activating the jump button
that was pretty tough guys not going to
lie now let's check out the Save State
functionality theoretically I just close
it like that I open it up one 2 3
4 they claim 5 Seconds that looked like
5 Seconds to me and what's cool is again
according to their claims if you run out
of battery it'll do it automatically
it'll just grab your Save State and deal
with it for you dude I can't see a
bloody thing like trying to play a
fast-paced game at this side
oh my goodness I can't I can't do this
you know what I actually don't really
have a ton of complaints about the
performance it seems finish I've noticed
a couple little slowdowns but not bad
and we did observe some errors in audio
emulation while we were testing but it's
hard to say whether that comes down to
the anemic processor or whether that's
down to the emulators themselves even
with no competition though $73 for what
is essentially a novelty item if that's
the kind of money that you have that you
can sort of throw disposable income at
something like this but whether you're
going to actually get a ton of gaming
out of it hard to say I mean there's
enck devices that are yeah they're
bigger but they're also a lot more
ergonomic and a lot more enjoyable to
use the funkey OS though is kind of a
unique value ad very cool I'd honestly I
mean it's open source right so it'll
probably happen but I I'd like to see
the OS on something that's a little more
usable subscribe to Short Circuit